Hello. You will not learn how to
train your neural machine
translation system.
You'll learn about
treating concepts
like teacher forcing,
and you'll see which type
of cost function is being
used when training.
Let's dive in.
In this section,
you will see how to
train your NMT model
with attention,
along with being introduced to
key concepts called
teacher forcing.
By this point, you're
aware of how attention
works in a seek to seek model by
saving the information from
each time step in its own
hidden states and using
the decoder's previous
prediction to give it's
more or less weights to
each of the encoder
hidden states.
You've seen how specially
weighted values are
tailored to each subsequent
German prediction.
But how do you really know that
these predictions aren't wacky?
This is where teacher
forcing comes in.
Teacher forcing allows your model
to use the ground truth or
the actual outputs from
your decoder to compare its
predictions during training.
This yields faster training with
the added benefits
of higher accuracy.
Let's take a closer look at why
teacher forcing is necessary
in a seek to seek model.
In this example, notice
how the model correctly
predicted the token at the
start of the sequence.
But the second prediction
doesn't quite match.
The third one is
even further off.
The fourth predicted
token is quite
far from making logical
sense in German.
The important takeaway here,
is that in a sequence
model like this one,
each wrong prediction makes
the following predictions even
less likely to be correct.
You need to have a way to check
the prediction made at each step.
This is how the process
works during prediction.
The T1 rectangles shown
here is processed
through attention,
in order to predict the
green rectangle team,
and so on and so forth for
the following predictions.
An important takeaway of
this concept is that
during training,
the predicted outputs
are not being used
for predicting the next
predicted green rectangle.
Instead, the actual
outputs, or ground-truth,
is the input to the decoder for
each time step until the end
of the sequence is reached.
Without teacher forcing,
models can be slow to
reach convergence.
If they managed to
reach it at all.
Teacher forcing is not without
its issues and is still an
area of active research.
I've included some
optional reading in
the course materials if
you'd like to know more.
You keep going.
At last, you've arrived.
The base level, the Big Kahuna.
Let's put together everything
you've seen so far.
You'll be using this in
this week's assignments
when you train
your very own neural machine
translation model with attention.
Gear up, this one is a wild
ride.The initial select
makes two copies.
Each of the input
tokens represented by
zero and the target tokens
represented by one.
Remember that here the
input is English tokens,
and the target is German tokens.
One copy of the input
tokens are fed into
the inputs encoder to be
transformed into the
key and value vectors.
While a copy of
the target tokens goes into
the pre-attention decoder.
Important note here,
the pre-attention decoder is
not the decoder you
were shown earlier,
which produces the
decoded outputs.
The pre-attention decoder is
transforming the prediction
targets into a
different vector space
called the query vector.
That's going to calculate
the relative weights to
give each input weight.
The pre-attention decoder takes
the target tokens and shifts
them one place to the right.
This is where the teacher
forcing takes place.
Every token will be shifted
one place to the right,
and in start of a sentence token,
will be a sign to the
beginning of each sequence.
Next, the inputs and targets are
converted to embeddings or
initial representations
of the words.
Now that you have your query
key and value vectors,
you can prepare them for
the attention layer.
You will also apply
a padding mask to help
determine the padding tokens.
The mask is used after
the computation of
the Q, K transpose.
This before computing
the softmax,
the where operator in
your programming
assignment will convert
the zero-padding tokens
to negative one billion,
which will become approximately
zero when computing the softmax.
That's how padding works.
Now, everything is ready
for the attention,
inside where all the calculations
that assign weights happen.
The residual block adds
the queries generated in
the pre-attention decoder to
the results of the
attention layer.
The attention layer then outputs
its activations along with
the mask that was
created earlier.
It's time to drop the mask before
running everything
through the decoder,
which is what the
second Select is doing.
It takes the activations from
the attention layer or the zero,
and the second copy of the
target tokens, or the two.
Would you remember from
way back at the beginning.
These are the true targets
which the decoder needs to
compare against the
predictions. Almost done.
Then run everything
through a dense layer or
a simple linear layer with
your targets vocab size.
This gives your output
the right size.
Finally, you will take
the outputs and run it
through LogSoftmax,
which is what transforms
the attention weights to
a distribution
between zero and one.
Those last four steps
comprise your decoder.
The true target tokens are
still hanging out here,
and we'll pass down along with
the log probabilities to
be matched against
the predictions.
There you have it, the model
that you will be building,
and the intuition
behind the steps.
Take a break and just
let all that sink in.
Now, you know what's actually
happening at each
part of the model.
That's nice. In this video you've
seen how you can train your
neural machine
translation system.